---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_community_step_template Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing communitysteptemplate.
---

# octopusdeploy_community_step_template (Data Source)

Provides information about existing community_step_template.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the community step template
- `name` (String) Name of the Community Step Template
- `website` (String) Website of the Community Step Template

### Read-Only

- `steps` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps))

<a id="nestedatt--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps`

Required:

- `packages` (Attributes List) Package information for the community_step_template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--packages))
- `parameters` (Attributes List) List of parameters that can be used in community_step_template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--parameters))

Read-Only:

- `author` (String) The author of this community_step_template.
- `description` (String) The description of this community_step_template.
- `history_url` (String) The history url of this community_step_template.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `properties` (Map of String) Properties for the community step template
- `type` (String) The action type of this community_step_template.
- `version` (Number) The version ID url of this community_step_template.
- `website` (String) The website of this community_step_template.

<a id="nestedatt--steps--packages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.packages`

Required:

- `feed_id` (String) ID of the feed.
- `name` (String) Package name.
- `properties` (Attributes) Properties for the package. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--packages--properties))

Optional:

- `acquisition_location` (String) Acquisition location for the package.
- `package_id` (String) The ID of the package to use.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--steps--packages--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.packages.properties`

Required:

- `selection_mode` (String) The selection mode.

Optional:

- `extract` (String) If the package should extract.
- `package_parameter_name` (String) The name of the package parameter
- `purpose` (String) The purpose of this property.



<a id="nestedatt--steps--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.parameters`

Required:

- `id` (String) The id for the property.
- `name` (String) The name of the variable set by the parameter. The name can contain letters, digits, dashes and periods. Example: `ServerName`

Optional:

- `default_sensitive_value` (String, Sensitive) Use this attribute to set a sensitive default value for the parameter when display settings are set to 'Sensitive'
- `default_value` (String) A default value for the parameter, if applicable. This can be a hard-coded value or a variable reference.
- `display_settings` (Map of String) The display settings for the parameter.
- `help_text` (String) The help presented alongside the parameter input.
- `label` (String) The label shown beside the parameter when presented in the deployment process. Example: `Server name`.


