---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_parent_environments Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# octopusdeploy_parent_environments (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- `name` (String) A filter search by exact name
- `partial_name` (String) A filter to search by a partial name.
- `skip` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this parent environment.
- `take` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `parent_environments` (Attributes List) A list of parent environments that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent_environments))

<a id="nestedatt--parent_environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_environments`

Read-Only:

- `automatic_deprovisioning_rule` (Attributes) Automatic deprovisioning rule for the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent_environments--automatic_deprovisioning_rule))
- `description` (String) The description of this parent environment.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `slug` (String) The unique slug of this parent environment
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this parent environment.
- `use_guided_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether guided failure mode is enabled for this parent environment.

<a id="nestedatt--parent_environments--automatic_deprovisioning_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_environments.automatic_deprovisioning_rule`

Read-Only:

- `days` (Number) Number of days to wait before deprovisioning.
- `hours` (Number) Number of hours to wait before deprovisioning.
