---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_channel Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages channels in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_channel (Resource)

This resource manages channels in Octopus Deploy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_channel" "example" {
  name       = "Development Channel (OK to Delete)"
  project_id = "Projects-123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID associated with this channel.

### Optional

- `custom_field_definitions` (Attributes List) A list of custom field definitions for this channel. Maximum of 10. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_field_definitions))
- `description` (String) The description of this channel.
- `ephemeral_environment_name_template` (String) The name template for ephemeral environments created from this channel.
- `git_reference_rules` (List of String) A list of Git reference rules that constrain which Git refs can be deployed through this channel.
- `git_resource_rule` (Block List) A list of Git resource rules associated with this channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_resource_rule))
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the default channel for the associated project.
- `lifecycle_id` (String) The lifecycle ID associated with this channel.
- `parent_environment_id` (String) The parent environment ID for ephemeral environments.
- `rule` (Block List) A list of rules associated with this channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this channel.
- `tenant_tags` (Set of String) A set of tenant tags associated with this channel.
- `type` (String) The type of channel. Valid values are `"Lifecycle"` or `"EphemeralEnvironment"`. Defaults to `"Lifecycle"`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_field_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_field_definitions`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the custom field.
- `field_name` (String) The name of the custom field.


<a id="nestedblock--git_resource_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_resource_rule`

Optional:

- `git_dependency_action` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_resource_rule--git_dependency_action))
- `id` (String) The ID associated with this Git resource rule.
- `rules` (List of String) Git ref rules to apply to the selected Git dependency actions.

<a id="nestedblock--git_resource_rule--git_dependency_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_resource_rule.git_dependency_action`

Optional:

- `deployment_action_slug` (String)
- `git_dependency_name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Optional:

- `action_package` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--action_package))
- `id` (String) The ID associated with this channel rule.
- `tag` (String)
- `version_range` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--rule--action_package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.action_package`

Optional:

- `deployment_action` (String)
- `package_reference` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_channel.<name> <channel-id>
```
