---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_scoped_user_role Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages scoped user roles in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_scoped_user_role (Resource)

This resource manages scoped user roles in Octopus Deploy.

~> **NOTE on Team User Roles and Scoped User Roles:** We currently
provides both a standalone [Scoped User Role resource](scoped_user_role.html)
and a Team resource with `user_roles` blocks defined in-line. At this time you 
cannot use a Team with in-line user_roles in conjunction with any Scoped User Role 
resources. Doing so will cause a conflict of user role settings and will overwrite 
user roles.


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `team_id` (String) The team ID that this scoped user role belongs to.
- `user_role_id` (String) The user role ID that defines the permissions for this scoped user role.

### Optional

- `environment_ids` (Set of String) A list of environment IDs that scope the user role. If not provided, the user role applies to all environments.
- `project_group_ids` (Set of String) A list of project group IDs that scope the user role. If not provided, the user role applies to all project groups.
- `project_ids` (Set of String) A list of project IDs that scope the user role. If not provided, the user role applies to all projects.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this scoped user role. If not provided, the scoped user role will be created at the system level.
- `tenant_ids` (Set of String) A list of tenant IDs that scope the user role. If not provided, the user role applies to all tenants.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
